(Yeah, breaker one-nine, this here's the Rubber Duck,
You got a copy on me Pigpen? C'mon.)
(Ah yeah, ten-four Pigpen, for sure, for sure.
By golly it's clean clear to Flagtown. C'mon.)
(Yeah, that's a big ten-four there Pigpen.
Yeah, we definitely got the front door good buddy.
Mercy sakes alive, looks like we got us a convoy)

It was the dark of the moon on the sixth of June
In a Kenworth pullin' logs
Cab over Pete with a reefer on
And a Jimmy haulin' hogs
We's headed for bear on I-10
About a mile outta Shaky Town
I says "Pigpen, this here's the Rubber Duck
And I'm about to put the hammer on down"

'Cause we got a little convoy rockin' through the night
Yeah we got a little ol' convoy ain't she a beautiful sight
Come on and join our convoy ain't nothin' gonna get in our way
We gonna roll this truckin' convoy 'cross the USA
Convoy

(Ah, breaker,
Pigpen this here's the Duck and you wanna back off on them hogs?)
(Ah, ten-four, about five mile or so)
(Ten roger, them hogs is gettin' IN-tense up here)

By the time we got into Tulsa town we had 85 trucks in all
But there's a roadblock up on the cloverleaf
And them bears's wall to wall
Yeah them smokeys 's thick as bugs on a bumper
They even had a bear in the air
I says Callin' all trucks, this here's the Duck
We about to go a-huntin' bear

'Cause we got a great big convoy rockin' through the night
Yeah we got a great big convoy ain't she a beautiful sight
Come on and join our convoy ain't nothin' gonna get in our way
We gonna roll this truckin' convoy across the USA
Convoy

(Ah, you want to give me a ten-nine on that Pigpen?)
(Ah, negatory Pigpen, you're still too close.
Yeah them hogs is startin' to close up my sinuses.
Mercy sake's you better back off another ten)

Well we rolled up Interstate Forty-Four
Like a rocket sled on rails
We tore up all of our swindle sheets
And left 'em sittin' on the scales
By the time we hit that Shi town
Them bears was a-gettin' smart
They brought up some reinforcements
From the Illinois National Guard

There's armored cars and tanks and jeeps
And rigs of every size
Yeah them chicken coops was full of bears
And choppers filled the skies
Well we shot the line
We went for broke
With a thousand screaming trucks
And eleven longhaired friends of Jesus
In a chartreuse microbus

(Ah, Rubber Duck, this is Sodbuster. C'mon here?)
(Yeah, ten-four Sodbuster.
Listen, ya wanna put that microbus in behind that suicide jockey?)
(Yeah he's haulin' dynamite and he needs all the help he can get)

Well we laid a strip for the Jersey shore
And prepared to cross the line
I could see the bridge was lined with bears
But I didn't have a doggone dime
I says Pigpen this here's the Rubber Duck
We just ain't gonna pay no toll
So we crashed the gate doin' ninety-eight
I says, let them truckers roll, ten-four

'Cause we got a mighty convoy rockin' through the night
Yeah we got a mighty convoy ain't she a beautiful sight
Come on and join our convoy ain't nothin' gonna get in our way
We gonna roll this truckin' convoy across the USA
Convoy, convoy, convoy

(Ah, ten-four Pigpen. What's your twenty? OMAHA?
Well they oughta know what to do with them hogs out there, for sure.
Well mercy sake's good buddy, we gonna back on outta here,
So keep your thumbs off your glass and the bears off your... tail.
We'll catch you on the flip-flop.
This here's the Rubber Duck on the side. We gone. bye bye.)''''&''''&''''&''''''
