My buddy said his girlfriend is as pretty as can be.
He said: "Help a brother out tonight,
"An' come double date with me."
"She's got a baby sister and they're headed into town.
"An' they're lookin' for a good time,
"They're fun to be around."

I said what do she look like?
He scratched his head and stated:
"She was a home comin' football queen before she graduated.
"We'll wine and dine and do 'em fine,
"An' really double date 'em.
"Then take 'em back to the Motel Six an' try to separate 'em."

An' they showed up in a pick up truck:
They were right on time.
His was kinda hefty,
But not half as big as mine.

I'm runnin' block: turn the lights down low.
Runnin' block: don't want no one to know,
That I tried to drink her skinny,
But she's still about 215,
Sometimes you got to bow up
And take one for the team.

She cleaned her plate at dinner,
Then she ate what's left of mine.
Then she wolfed down a big cheesecake,
As I drank all the wine.
She strolled out to the patio for an after dinner cig:
I said: "Bro' you've done her this time and are gonna owe me big."

You know why?
'Cause my brother's havin' a party.
Thought you oughta know.
He's got co-eds swimmin naked:
Reason I can't go.

I'm runnin' block: turn the lights down low.
Runnin' block: sure don't want no one to know,
That I tried to drink her skinny,
But she's still about 215,
Sometimes you got to bow up
Just take one for the team.

(Now bow up boys.)

When we got back to the motel,
I kicked up my feet.
Then she put me in a headlock, said: "Snuggle up with me."
My buddy finished early an when he walked through the door,
I was layin' there half naked,
She had me pinned down to the floor.

Son, I can't believe you caught me,
This big ol' jelly roll.
You can laugh at me tomorrow,
But you can't ever tell a soul.

That I'm runnin' block: turn the lights down low.
Runnin' block: don't want no one to know,
That I tried to drink her skinny,
But she's still about 215,
Sometimes you got to bow up
Just take one for the team.'''''''''''''''''''''''''''
