Oh ooh oh
It ain't rained in a month
Mama done took a job part time at the five and dime
Lord, times is hard, Daddy's pride is really hurtin', feelin' less than a man.
Workin dark to dark, how much more can he stand?
I ain't never seen him cry now I'm 17
Quarterback, first train, gave my high school ring
To the prettiest little girl, green eyes and red hair.
I think I might ask her to marry me tonight at the fair.
I ain't never been so torn, should I stay or leave?
Get out of this small town, am I lettin' 'em down?
I could even play ball somewhere in the fall.
Live the big city life, I guess I could have it all...

Lord, I'm twisted, I feel the stress that's hangin' on me,
And all this pain in my family - they all depend on me.
Lord, I'm twisted, I feel the stress that's hangin' on me,
And all the pain in my family - they all depend on me.
Lord, I'm twisted.

Man, how do you decide between real life and a dream?
Lovin' ya Ma and Pa, ya girl, and ya team
Trying to figure out the next move to make,
Trying to figure out the right road to take.
Dying to get out, but still afraid to roam.
Is it wrong to wanna leave the only place I've known?
Life as I know it is just simple and plain:
Chores, school, and practice, everyday is the same.
I'm tired of the routine and everyone knowing me.
I'm dreaming of everything the TV is showing me.
They promised me a full ride to UCLA,
But that's a whole 'nother world for small town G.A.
Lord, I'm askin', I hope you hear my prayer
'Cause I'm torn between here and what I see over there.
I pray someway that you could give me a sign.
Tell me which way to go 'cause I sure don't know.

I don't know [sang in background]
Lord, I'm twisted, I feel the stress that's hangin' on me,

And all this pain in my family - they all depend on me.
Lord, I'm twisted, I feel the stress that's hangin' on me,
And all the pain in my family - they all depend on me.
Lord, I'm twisted.

Lord, we're one win away from winning it all,
And I'm a plan flight away from seeing my first ball.
I can finally see the ocean and stars of Hollywood.
Say bye to this damn farm, get a tattoo on my arm.
Forget these dirt roads and the way I was raised.
Chase the bright lights of the California nights.
Sports cars and sushi is all I see.
When I order some sweet tea they start laughin' at me
Boy, this new life ain't what I thought it would be.
Maybe the city life ain't made for me.
Now I'm wishing I was fishin' on the lake with Dad,
And starting to realize being country ain't bad.
I miss that ol' farm and that red headed girl
And waking up before the sun to help Daddy get it done.
I'm packed and headed back to the place I was born.
Proud to be country and no longer torn

Lord, I'm twisted, I feel the stress that's hangin' on me,
And all this pain in my family - they all depend on me.
Lord, I'm twisted, I feel the stress that's hangin' on me,
And all the pain in my family - they all depend on me.
Lord, I'm twisted. yeah. Lord, I'm twisted. oh yeah
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
If I should wait or should I go, I just don't know

This song is for everybody, no matter whether you're from a small town,
The hood, the big city, it don't matter - Everybodys got their dreams they wanna follow.
Some people are ashamed of where they're from, they don't know where they're
Supposed to be. Everybody find your place in life, be proud of who you are.
Don't let nothing hold you back.

Just take me home... oh take me home.''''''''''''''''''
