See me and my ole lady we been fightin a bunch. And I ain't quite sure but I got me a hunch. Now I know I been drinkin' but I'm thinkin' kinda clear. This is the truth and I ain't leavin' this booth. Until I tell everybody exactly what she done. I done called my boy's son and told him bring my gun. I'm tryin' to figure out exactly what went wrong. My workin day like the dark to give her a nice home. I ain't never been the type to ask for to much. Just a meal now and then and sometimes a slow touch. Tell me what to do man whata ya think. I know the waitress and the cook and they don't care if we drink. I'm just tryin' to make sence outta all this shit. Lord I'm not a violent man but the guns in my hnad. Should I stay or should I go or just let it be. Lord the cheatin' woman will be the death of me.

Meet me at the Waffle House. It's goin' down. Just found out my ole ladys been messin around. Met me at the Waffle House. Bring me my gun. Need someone to talk to before I hurt someone.

Man my whole world is upside down. I guess I'm about to be the laughing stock of the town. I heard form my cousin it's a dozen or more. And I found the Sheriffs badge on the bedroom floor. And ole boy from church said he saw her with the
Preacher 40 miles from here in a bar drinkin' beer. She told me she was havin' lunch with her sister. I was home cleanin up wishin I didn't miss her. See love will bring you home but lies brought me here. Heard her and the town Judge been at it for a year. I rekon you can't make a whore a house wife. But I dam sure tried even when she lied. Now I'm sittin' here starin' at this plate of grits. Thinkin' about goin' put a bullet in that bitch. Maybe I should shoot everyone of them fellas. But come to think of it son I really ain't jelious. Matterfact let me thank y'all for makin' it clear. Hell fix me a patty melt son pour me a beer. Now I'm scattered, smothered, and and happy to be free. To hell with cheap women y'all heard it from me.

Meet me at the Waffle House. It's goin' down. Just found out my ole ladys been messin around. Met me at the Waffle House. Bring me my gun. Need someone to talk to before I hurt someone.

Meet me at the one off 28. My guns in the closet. Under my bad company tapes. And grab that moonshine sittin' on the freezer. It's gona easy the pain. The next time I see her.

Meet me at the Waffle House. It's goin' down. Just found out my ole ladys been messin around. Met me at the Waffle House.''''''''''''''''''
